Highlight chunks overlap issues in the new FAQ section (#599)
timescale/docs: timescaledb/how-to-guides/continuous-aggregates/troubleshooting.md

                  -8 |
(6 rows)
```

> ## Compression policies
> 
> 
> If I have a hypertable with a retention policy of a week, but have the continuous
> aggregations retention policy being a month. Is that going to be OK?
> 
> Yes. It means the raw data will be around for a week while continuous
> aggregates will be around for a month.

Reviewer: You didn't read the instructions at the top of the page 😉 

```suggestion
## Compression policies
If you have hypertables using a different retention policy to your 
continuous aggregates, the retention policies are applied separately. 
The retention policy on a hypertable determines how long the raw 
data is kept for. The retention policy on a continuous aggregate 
determines how long the continuous aggregate is kept for. For 
example, if you have a hypertable with a retention policy of a 
week, but a continuous aggregate with a retention policy of a 
month, the raw data is kept for a week, and the continuous
aggregate is kept for a month.
```

Also, move it up the page to put it in alphabetical order ☝️

Author: oush, my apologies! adopting the suggestion 🙇
